Q. what is nodejs
Q. what is nodejs build on
Q. where does nodejs help us execute javascript code 
Q. is nodejs single/multi threaded
Q. how to make nodejs handle multiple users without blocking the main/single thread
Q. what is the first thing that happens when you type google.com in chrome
Q. what happens after we have the IP address 
Q. what happens after tcp/ip connection is established
Q. what is server side rendering
Q. what is client side rendering
Q. which 2 libraries nodejs contains
Q. what does library provides us with event loop and thread pool
Q. what is a process 
Q. what is a thread
Q. what does event loop do 
Q. what are the 3 steps in event driven architecture
Q. what are streams in nodejs
Q. what is the benefit of streams
Q. what are the 4 streams in nodejs
Q. which module system nodejs uses
Q. what are modules in nodejs
Q. how does nodejs resolve a module
Q. what does nodejs does with each module
Q. what are the 5 arguments iife function provides
Q. what optimization nodejs does after module in imported 
Q. does nodejs provides MVC
Q. which library helps use organize app into MVC
Q. what does API stands for
Q. what does API do (database,frontend)
Q. what are the 5 principles of rest architecture 
Q. what are middleware in express (logging, parsion, auth, authorization, routers)
Q. which type of database mongodb is 
Q. what are the parts of mongodb (users, user)
Q. which type of scaling is possible with nosql database 
Q. which  data storing format mongodb uses
Q. what is the Benefit of using BSON (1point)
Q. main difference between sql and nosql in terms of embedding
Q. what are the 2 parts of mongoose 
Q. what are the 4 parts in MVC 
Q. what is the most common use of jwt
Q. what are the 3 parts of jwt
Q. what are the 2 fields jwt header contains
Q. what are the 3 things jwt signature is made of
Q. how jwt verification works
Q. what is data modeling
Q. what are the 2 type of data modeling 
Q. 3 types of relations between documents
Q. what is 1 benefit and 1 downfall of referencing
Q. what is the 1 benefit and 1 downfall of embedding 
Q. what are the 3 parameters on which we should decided whether to embed or reference
Q. what are the 3 type of referencing 

-----------------------------------------------------------
Q. read file in nodejs 
Q. write content to file 
Q. read file asynchronously
Q. give example of callback hell with reading file
Q. what is the use of __dirname
Q. why should we stringify data before sending to client 
Q. what is the typeof [{}] data inside .json file, how to convert it to object 
Q. what is the use of event emitter in nodejs
Q. is the communication between parts of application sync or async in event emitter
Q. give example of event emitter
Q. create a read stream 
Q. what is the problem with back stabbing in read stream, how to solve it
Q. make a express api 
Q. in which file environment variable in nodejs 
Q. how to load environment  
Q. write a script to change environment variable when running nodemon index.js 
Q. how to log meaningful messages in console when any api endpoint is accessed (use it only in development)
Q. how to parse all incoming cookies
Q. how to reduce size of data sent to client
Q. how to limit number of request to an endpoint 
Q. what is Content Security Policy header and how to add it 
Q. what is NoCache header and how to set it 
Q. what is nosql injection attack and how to prevent 
Q. what is cross-site-scripting attack, how to prevent it
Q. what is parameter pollution attack, how to prevent it 
Q. what are cors headers, how to set cors headers in your application 
Q. what is HTTP OPTIONS request, is it a part of HTTP protocol, how to set cors headers on options request
Q. create a custom middleware and manipulate req object in  by adding "name" property to 
Q. how to server static html/excel etc. files from public folder as url segment 
Q. how to parse complex formData and set limit of 10kb 
Q. how to parse json data from client and limit the content to be under 10kb
Q. create controller and router architecture
Q. how to handle url paths which are not present on the api, should this middleware be defined before or after all route middlewares, how to access url path typed by user 
Q. give example of global error handling middleware, is it used to send graceful error messages,  should this middleware be defined before or after all route middlewares, how to pass error to global error handling middleware from inside a controller
Q. which type of errors GEH middleware handles, are errors generated by mongodb automatically caught by global error handling middleware 
Q. how to handle mongodb error like - cast error, 11000, validation, invalid jwt and jwt expiration error error inside GEH middleware 
Q. what will happen to your nodejs application if you don't catch every error which can arise in your app 
Q. what are uncaught exceptions, how to catch such error and exit the application gracefully, should it be defined at top or bottom of application
Q. how to connect to mongodb database hosted on cloud 
Q. where is mongodb database hosted
Q. which tool do you use to manage mongoDB database
Q. what are unhandled rejections in nodejs, how to solve them 
Q. create mongoose schema and modal with 
  - referencing
  - make a field required
  - set default value
  - set minimum and maximun value
  - reference models with multiple document
  - make the document unique
  - remove whitespace from string  
  - set max and min length from string 
  - convert to upper/lower case 
  - validate if it's an email 
Q. validate that data provided is a string in schema
Q. manipulate the data provided in schema 
Q. check if value of among the 3 you provided in schema
Q. check if 2 properties are equal (password and password confirm)
Q. hide a property from output in schema 
Q. what are virtual properties in mongoose, create one (duration -> durationInWeeks) for "get" request, show the virtual properties in output when data is sent as json or object 
Q. how to add data of referenced model when using find method, include/exclude only name field of the referenced document


-----------------------------------------------------------
Q. what are static methods in mongodb 
Q. using static method and aggregation pipeline update the "tour" models nRatings and avgRatings properties when a "rating" (for rating model) is created
Q. how to update a tour's nRating and avgRating in "tour model" when a "review" is deleted using "findByIdAndDelete" (this.r, "pre" and "post")
Q. how to make sure that one "user" can only write one "review" on the same "tour" (inside review router) 
Q. how to embed document in mongoose (tour, guides, users)
Q. what is virtual populate, implement it and also add it in the output when someone "findById" "tour Model" (tour -> reviews)
Q. does mongoose middleware work with ".save()" and ".create()", what about ".insertMany()
Q. how to hide all tours with "secretTour" field before any aggregation pipeline runs 
Q. how to check if the password was updated when document was updated, and hash it and set password confirm to undefined before saving 
Q. which mongodb method can be used to check if password is correct and return true/false

---------------------------------------------------------------
Q. what is bundling
-> benefits of bundling 
   - reduce network requests 
   - minimized and compressed (improve deliver)
Q. which tool is used to for bundling in nodejs 
-> bundling is done on client side code (html,css,js) when doing server side rendering with nodejs, generally these client side code is written in "public/" directory
Q. write an importData.js file to import/delete data from collection based on "--import" or "--delete" arguments in terminal 

-------------------------------------------------------
Q. which method is used to create a document in mongoose 
Q. how to find a document if "name" is provided 
Q. find document if "id" is provided
Q. how to save a document without validation 
Q. find document with price less than 100 and greater than 
Q. how to access parameter and query from url 
Q. create a handlerFactory file with
  (catchAsync and AppError)
  - deleteOne
  - updateOne
  - createOne
  - getOne
  - getAll (with APIFeatures -> filter (remove excluded fields, gte -> $gte), sort, pagination, fieldLimit) 
Q. what do we send as data in controllers related to "delete"
Q. what are the 2 options in options object password in "findByIdAndUpdate" method
Q. where we can create documentation for your api 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Q. how to add a middleware to particular method of a route
Q. how to add a middleware to all the methods or all the routes below 
Q. give example of param middleware
Q. give example of nested route (tourId, review)
Q. which service do you use to send email using nodejs

----------------------------------------------------------------
Q. what is fork in nodejs
Q. how many child processes can fork create
Q. does child process run in different execution environment than parent process 
Q. do child and parent share same memory
Q. what is the advantage of fork (cpu cors, fault tolerance, modularity, load balancing, improved concurrency, language agnostism)
Q. create a child process and establish communication between child and parent processes 
Q. async.queue
Q. what does process.nextTick() do
Q. what is buffer
Q. does readStreams utilize buffer
Q. what is reactor pattern, how it is useful
Q. what are stubs in nodejs, what is it's alternative  
Q. what are clusters in nodejs, what it is generally used for
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Q. what is scaling out in mongoose what are the 2 other terms for it
Q. does mongodb altas automatically does sharding
Q. what are indexes in mongodb, what is it's 1 benefit/disadvantage
Q. which tool is used to visualize mongodb data
Q. what is the use of replica set in mongodb
Q. what is Oplog 
Q. what is chained replication
Q. is chained replication enabled by default in mongodb 






